<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<title></title>
	</head>
	<body>Sat, 18 Jan 2020 14:49:58 -0600 Midwest Coach Limousine 199 Poplar Pl Suite #6, North Aurora, IL Write a review 4.9 43 reviewsSort by: Most relevant All driver 17 party bus 7 trip airport 5 +5 ￼ Steve Morgenstern 1 review 2 months ago My wife and I had a 4:00am pickup to ORD. Our driver Emmanuel text us he was on his way, and arrived a few minutes early. He was very courteous, a safe driver, and enjoyable to ride with. His Navigator was immaculate and he offered us bottled water. I will definitely use Midwest Coach the next time I need a limo. ￼Like Response from the owner2 months ago Thank you Mr. Morgenstern! It was our pleasure to provide service for you and your wife. We look forward to helping you with your next transportation needs. Safe Travels - the team at MCL. Christina Mendoza 2 reviews 3 months ago AMAZING CUSTOMER SERVICE! From the beginning to the end, excellent customer care and the staff is very friendly &amp; professional. The buses are high quality and very clean! I highly recommend Midwest Coach Limousine for any occasion! Chris Kawa 9 reviews · 20 photos a month ago Great service. Our driver Sean was very professional. I definitely recommend Midwest Coach Limousine and will use again. Courtney Hartwell 5 reviews 5 months ago Absolutely wouldn’t use any other company. I’ve used Midwest Coach multiple times when traveling or just wanted transportation. On time! Clean vehicles! Extremely friendly staff!! …More Josh Piceno 2 reviews · 1 photo We where looking for a limo service and we came across Midwest Limo online, the rates where reasonable and their service was great!! Very professional! Definitely 5star service and highly recommended! Via Valenciano 9 months ago I googled a limo service for my daughters birthday party and decided to give them a try. Told them I was surprising my daughter by picking her up from school in the limo. And they made sure everything was perfect! I loved their services, I …More Scott Lara Local Guide · 77 reviews · 3 photos 7 months ago Amazing customer service. Very high-tech! Always aware of what’s going on with your transportation. Very highly recommended! Julia Fearer 6 months ago My husband and I used Midwest Coach for the first time on our most recent trip. The experience was absolutely perfect on every level and the next time we need a limo, we will definitely contact them. Juan Duran Best party bus service in Chicago. I have hired them four times and every time they are great. They beat any other competitors price. 👌🙌 eddie rayas Great service! Very punctual and the staff is so friendly/easy to work with. Will be booking again!!! Carol Hernandez 6 reviews a year ago Midwest is absolutely amazing for all needs. We use them all the time and they are always able to help me choose the right vehicle for our events. The customer service is outstanding and the drivers have all been great. The vehicles are always top notch, clean &amp; very well stocked. K L 20 reviews Excellent Service! I recently arranged a large business meeting in the Chicago area for my company. Multiple people were flying in and out of Chicago at different times to two different airports. Midwest Limo provided excellent service, …More Marisa Richards Great rental experience. Our driver was on time and very professional, and the vehicle we rented was clean and high quality. The company was very accommodating throughout the evening and altered the schedule when we wanted to extend our trip. Aleksey Tarantul No call no show kept my deposit told me I didn't sign contract probably so im out of luck.. bbb is my next step.. Response from the owner3 months ago Hello Mr. Tarantul, My name is Mario Moya General Manager of Midwest Coach Limousine. We have …More Pamela M. 7 reviews Good service, timely, nice cars and drivers. Reasonable pricing and very professional. Would highly recommend. Luis Valenciano Yesss!! Will definitely use again. Very clean and exactly what we expected. I rented one of the party buses for my daughter and her friends to celebrate her 15th birthday. We had an amazing experience. Jose the driver arrived on time and …More Jeff O'Brien My family recently used this service to the airport for vacation. Deante is AWESOME !! Can't even explain how nice the Black Stretched Lincoln Limo was. My daughters are still talking about it. Thank You... Top Notch Service !! Highly Recommend !! JR Rosario Best in the business, will never use another company rather than Midwest Coach. Cars are always clean and drivers are friendly and help make your drive as best and comfortable. Julie Vega I've used this company for airport runs, sports events, prom/homecoming, and other events. They have always provided excellent service. (Early or on time, beverages offered, detail confirmations/reminders, etc.) And their rates are very reasonable! I love the value that this company brings! Renn Parts Direct 4 reviews 2 years ago I've used them several times now and they are always early for pick up. Their limos are clean and comfortable. Tim, one of their main drivers, is great. Very careful and cautious on the road which is important when I've got my three kids …More ￼1 Carlos Lopez 6 reviews · 1 photo This company is prompt, professional, and puts the customer in customer service. I have used them a handful of times for both personal and business travel and have had ZERO problems. I will continue to use Midwest Coach Limo because I know …More Ms T Local Guide · 20 reviews · 43 photos 3 years ago I am all about service with a smile. Having driven 10 hours to our destination it was wonderful to have a car service that catered to our needs. The driver arrived early, upon being seated we were given detailed descriptions on how to use …More ￼3 Daniela Restad 19 reviews We used Midwest Coach Limo for our wedding and we were 100% satisfied. From the original pickup in the morning in a 10-passenger limo to the 22 passenger hummer limo that we used for our photography session, the entire experience was great. …More Danny Fernandes Local Guide · 9 reviews · 12 photos I have use this company several times. The drivers have been on time and acted completely professional at all times. They offer good rates and work with your budget. I worked with a guy named mario every time. Jackie Medina Hands down the best limousine service in Chicago area. Very flexible and friendly and the limos/buses are great inside. James Caldwell 5 reviews · 1 photo Midwest Coach and Limousine really helped me out this past weekend. Decided to throw a Surprise party for my wife's birthday and needed a Limousine on a day's notice. They not only came through but the experience was awesome. our driver; …More John Baker Best limousine service I have ever experienced. Esmeralda made the reservation process very accommodating and our service was perfect. I recommend this service to anyone in the Chicagoland area. Greg Chaires 51 reviews · 313 photos Promt, Professional...Absolutely recommended... dj dannyboy 3 reviews On time airport pick up in the sprinter. Southwest lost our luggage they waited for us and didn't charge us a wait time. Driver drove great we had 3 little kids in the back and they never flew across the seats. Excellent customer service and understanding . Thank you Esmeralda and Midwest. Dawn Kusnierz Lemont our driver arrived early and was very accommodating to us from start to finish. We had a awesome trip and loved the mini party bus! Customer service from start to finish was excellent. I would definitely recommend this company to …More Eddie Gonzales I have used Midwest Coach Limo two times and it will not be my last. I am already planning to use again for concert in July. Every time I book I feel comfortable that my appointment is locked in and they have always matched my lowest rate …More Emma Rose These guys have been by far the best Party Bus service I have used. Very patient and polite. We rented a 30 Passenger party bus for my birthday and had a blast! Thank you Midwest Coach Limousine. Alejandra Mendez Great Service! I will definitely contact them again for Airport transportation. Very professional and friendly staff. Amanda Casagrande We used MCL for our wedding for this past Saturday, and we were MORE THAN pleased with their service. Our driver was prompt, on-time, and more than accommadting for our large party pf 25. I highly recommend using Midwest Coach Limousine - I know I will be a returning customer in the near future! Melanie B 9 reviews Our driver Lamont arrived early, was friendly, and most importantly drove safely ( I didn't fear for my safety as I have with cab drivers). The party bus was clean and our party had a great time. Azucena Vasquez Great service! I rented the Mercedes Sprinter to celebrate my bachelorette party and it was a blast! The driver was on time , profesional and friendly. I will be using them for my Wedding Day! Local Guide · 6 reviews · 38 photos Our parters out in the Western Suburbs and Naperville. Top notch fleet and were glad to have partnered up with a such caring, customer service originated company. We worked with many companies in the chicago land area Midwest Party Bus Rentals is by far our favorite affiliate . Danny Limos Alive. James Koleff 14 reviews · 17 photos Awesome Limousine company! Rosa Rios 4 reviews · 18 photos (Translated by Google) Excellent service and very professional 100% recommended .. …More Amanda Juarez Vanessa Lopez</body>
</html>
